Fixes for elasticsearch app (#456)
openfun/arnold: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Fixed

- `elasticsearch-discovery` service is not a headless service anymore

> - the `elasticsearch_memory_lock` variable was always considered true

Reviewer: Maybe changing to:
```suggestion
- set a valid json value in `elasticsearch_memory_lock` variable
```

WDYT ?

Author: In fact, the configuration file in which this value is written is a YAML file (`elasticsearch.yml`).

According to the [YAML spec](https://yaml.org/type/bool.html), `False` should be a correct boolean value. But elasticsearch thinks it's `true`.

I used `to_json` to ensure that the value is lowercase, but I think I should have used `to_yaml` instead. The result is the same, but it will be less confusing.

So I'll follow your suggestion but write `yaml` instead of `json`.

### Fixed

- `elasticsearch-discovery` service is not a headless service anymore

> - generate a valid yaml value from `elasticsearch_memory_lock` variable

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Generate a valid YAML value from `elasticsearch_memory_lock` variable
```
